Populate MT report with stats from d4 files (#4850)
Clinical-Genomics/scout: CHANGELOG.md

- Button on SMN CN page to search variants within SMN1 and SMN2 genes
- Options for selectively updating OMICS variants (fraser, outrider) on a case
- Log users' activity to file by specifying `USERS_ACTIVITY_LOG_PATH` parameter in app config

> - `Mean MT coverage`, `Mean chrom 14 coverage` and `Estimated mtDNA copy number` on MT coverage file will be obtained from chanjo2 if d4 files are associated to cases's individuals/samples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Mean MT coverage`, `Mean chrom 14 coverage` and `Estimated mtDNA copy number` on MT coverage file from chanjo2 if available
```
